[Music]
Joy be that
prince B
in
National Joy
nh
[Music]
to
nhân
[Music]
ton nhân
T
sens m people
[Music]
Haron
Joyful Prince Tran Kham follows in the
footsteps of Buddha, born in the earthly world, teaching the
people to love the country. Joyful King Tran Nhan
Tong, the dream of a bright lotus flower, the people of
our country follow in the footsteps of Buddha, joyful Teacher,
joyful Saint Ancestor Tran Nhan
Tong, the world is
bright, Buddha, all people are joyful, joyful
flower. Joyful, joyful Saint Ancestor Tran Nhan
Tong, the world is bright, Buddha, all people are joyful, joyful flower. Joyful, joyful Saint Ancestor
Tran Nhan Tong, the
world is bright, Buddha, all people are joyful, joyful flower. Joyful, joyful Saint Ancestor Tran Nhan Tong, the world is bright, Buddha, all people are joyful,
joyful, great, beautiful ...